<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Serious Business: Part I</title>
  <style>
    body {
      margin: 40px;
      background-color: #fff;
      color: #000;
    }
    pre {
      /* Use a serif font similar to traditional print */
      font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
      font-size: 16px;
      line-height: 1.6;
      /* Preserve all spacing and line breaks */
      white-space: pre-wrap;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1> Serious Business: Part I</h1>
<pre>
  
SERIOUS BUSINESS

PART I

Monday came, and we were moving in threes and fours across the pond. In the skies someone had reinvented the wheel. There was a holy light at midnight, one gentle strip across a heaven that flew for miles. In water beneath I floated through the world, behind someone and before someone, flanked by gray bloodhounds, raising my case high above the break of the surface. I was walking sometimes. On these occasions the stomach of the pond had risen up to say a prayer for us. Rumble a little and my ankles would give way and returned to floating I would seize a little more of the leather strappings and hold a little higher for comfort. Consider that I watched my thing being born in the gaps that were left open as the ground on Earth had broken apart. And when the thing crawled out of the egg it spoke its first living words to me: in Latin, in Greek, and then in a language that had never once struck on Earth and never can again. The dogs had big tightened sniffers and they sniffed at it as they swam, and they pawed the water and made it foam. And they had dark eyes that darkened still and had passed out of the memory of sunlight years prior. 

On Wednesday evening I received a direct message from a friend in London, where ordinary weather had resumed, and he implored me to bid him visitation. It had been so direct that it had fallen into my lap out of a chute on the first floor in the apartment while I had both arms suspended over the chest of a dear friend who had been shot somewhere between the right pectoral and right shoulder blade. Bullet was nearly out. Bullet had some letters on it, but no words. Bullet has no more words for you, I mouthed to him. He put both of his thumbs up. His having recently gone deaf I thought I’d do a dear friend a favour of goodwill and save the trouble of exorbitant professional surgery. While he slept I tore through the spine of the envelope and in haste ripped a dog-ear out of the base of the letter itself. Upon unfolding it I realised that the writer had filled the entire page with words, up to and past where the margin had expected to take seat, top to bottom and completely and utterly without refrain. In certain parts there were no such spacings between words as you might expect. And in most parts there was ink that had been smeared. And in the part I had ripped off there was nothing but words in the surroundings, and I hastened to secure the remaining piece of the puzzle. Thus in holding the scrap close to the rest of the paper I came to read my direct message beginning with the first words of the very final line. 

The words were untrue words put in a deceiving order, but they convinced me of something I could never have been convinced of, which was to go home at once, and to leave my companions exactly where they were. This meteorology shit isn’t for me, I told the Frenchman on the stairs. He was a model who looked like a woman. What’s your name, I finally asked him. Gaspard, he said. I nodded and kept going with my suitcase. I am doing the Louis Vuitton show, he called down from the top of the stairs; I raised two fingers, my suitcase started to leap forward and I reached the bottom of the stairwell around the time that the elevator reached rock bottom. A girl with a gray bloodhound stepped out into my orbit. While she had nothing remarkable to say she offered several loosely relevant words in my direction. 
‘I’ve just seen and spoke to the French boy, Gaspard, on the third floor. For one reason or another the elevator stopped on the third floor, and not only did the doors open, but a voice from somewhere high up in the machinery, a ghost in the shell, says to me: Come on, three. But the only thing that came was Gaspard, into the lift, with his big brown dusty book.’ We were walking down the street to my taxi. ‘And Gaspard says to me on the second floor look out for that dark-faced London man, because when people leave us early they tend to die early as well, because one thing comes with the other, and the world can’t be changed so very often. Pass me the case for a second, I want to say goodbye.’ 
Her hands were slender and miniature. They passed over the case without touching an atom of its body and once finished they waited at the mouth of the opening. My thing slid out within a second of being summoned. Its eyes were fixated on her at once. The cars on the road went backwards; the drivers switched sides. Before she leant forward to stroke it she curled both sides of her hair behind her ears and I discovered for the first instance how large and lightning-bolt-shaped they were. I was half tempted to ask her to come with me and tell me about her time in the military and the story about the cook who made tête de veau for the Hell’s Angels. But my thing shuddered as her hands reached for it and the nape of its torso leared out right and left like the sail of Blackbeard’s ship, its scowl drew looks from the other side of the road, and I ushered it back down into the warm velvet hole. I remember that I apologised profusely to the girl and that a friend of mine, who had happened to be standing several yards away, informed me later that I should never have said such things, so as not to give away how little I understood of my thing and of its temperament, its anxiety, its repulsion at the sight of the living world and all of the other creatures it was forbidden to kill and forced to share sweet oxygen with. 

‘What you have, and I regret to say it, is not very much at all. You were there first and it trusts you a little more than anyone else. A cryptozoologist can become violent when something belongs to them and you have remained docile. I see you speak to people and it makes me want to vomit because you’re full of lies you don’t even know you’re telling. And they’re not lies that can be explained either. They’re not even lies with a truth concealed behind them. They’re just lies, independent and freewheeling.’ His fingers are sweating. He’s picked me up from King’s Cross Station and he’s got a new girlfriend standing a while away under the shutters of a coffee shop. She’s taller than the both of us on account of a pair of navy high heels, and she has a shaved head of hair which suits her very well. She comes over and asks for my name. Calvin, I chose to say, and said it. She’s smiling now but I’ve looked far away already, wondering how to get home nowadays. In the sky there is still a strip of singed ozone where the heavens had been bisected. 
  

  
</pre>
</body>
</html>
